You first choose if you are going first or second, it defaults to first.

Then you input all cards in your deck as variables, you can have more than 40, you'd just have to add more variables. It then adds them to your deck list.

It then enters a for loop for however many trials you specified, then draws your starting hand and removes each card from your deck list as you draw.

It then checks your starting hand against a series of if statements that lay out all the possible combos and end boards you can create with said hand.

It then rates your end board from 0 - 3 and chooses the best possible combo you could have ended on.
0 being a brick
0.5 being a partial combo like only Infinity
1 being Buster Dragon
2 being two cards like IP + Dragon buster
3 being the best boards and having 3 cards like IP + Buster + Infinity, or IP + Buster + Dsword equipped etc.

It then adds this score to the end board list, and does this 10,000 times (or however many you specified).
 
It then prints out the % chance of your deck landing on a 0,0.5,1,2, or 3 end board.
It also checks the % chance for you opening an interruption like called by the grave or infinite impermanence and prints the % chance of that. (This can be configured)

It can possibly be improved by adding more combos into the checker that I missed, which in turn would improve the outputed consistency of the deck. I attached the word doc of all the combos that I was able to come up with for the deck.

If you wanted to test a different deck or card list, all you would have to do is change the list of card variables, and then change the list of combos that the program checks for.

You can find Existing Deck Lists, Deck Cores, and Blank Lists in the Decklists Foldier
-Be sure to save any new lists as a file in the Decklists Folder for future use
You can find Existing Combos for a given Decklist in the Combos Folder
-Be sure to save the corresponding combos for a list as a file in the Combos Folder for future use

PLEASE WRITE CARD NAMES IN FULL FOR CONSISTENCY AND FOR THE PROGRAM TO FUNCTION PROPERLY